[water running]
[suspenseful music playing]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
[phone buzzing]
[sighs]
[buzzing continues]
What up. Bri-dog?
Yo. Den-man. Cecilia needs a favor ASAP.
Well. I… I'd love to help. my man.
but I am smack dab in the middle
of a thing at the moment.
Oh. shoot. Did I say favor?
I misspoke.
You're gonna do this right now.
You're in no position
to turn down a request.
I just heard from tech support.
Brochacho. that was a minor hiccup.
Yeah. well. it didn't sound minor. amigo.
Sounds like one of yours. Trevor.
did a little business behind your back.
- Bri. listen...
- I heard the two of you were close.
Maybe because of that
you let things slide?
Maybe you made a mistake.
Are we exposed?
Minimally.
[sighs] Do I need to bring in Jennifer?
No. It is being contained. my friend.
I'm cleaning it up right now.
I don't like knowing any of this.
The whole point of you
is that we are totally insulated.
- We operate in blue skies only.
- Understood. Understood.
Sunny skies ahead. Bri.
Let's hope for your sake
that forecast holds.
Get going on the favor for Cecilia.
I sent details to your burner.
Her name is Joyce Tercek.
Find her now.
Right fucking now. Dennis.
Consider it making amends.
Fuck!
[sighs. slurps]
[sighs] Good water.
So I thought you brought me here
because my wife.
my current wife.
was attacked and I thought you had a lead.
So this is a little out of left field.
as they say.
If you guys think Paula honestly
had anything to do with this. she didn't.
Like. I swear to God she didn't.
She's a handful. but Paula's
like a tiny… [chuckles] …handful.
She's got tiny little hands.
I don't know why I said that.
I think I'm just a little bit nervous.
And the thing in Portland
was a tragedy. you know. an accident.
but no charges were filed.
A man died.
It's a tragedy.
But this? [clears throat]
This is a murder. And this is a murder.
It's the same murder.
But it's a murder.
and that's what today is about.
and I apologize.
I might be having a bit of a panic attack.
And I…
I think it's important to say that. um…
That. um…
This… This guy did FaceTime me.
I don't know how he got my number.
but he did call me.
He wasn't doing well.
My guess. and I'm not telling you
how to do your job.
it was fentanyl or meth.
I don't know. I'm not a drug guy myself.
I've smoked pot. done cocaine. right.
Not recently.
but I have when I was younger.
Uh. but I know that one of them.
either meth or fentanyl.
is really bad for your teeth.
It rots your teeth out.
and his teeth were fine.
If we're going to proceed.
can I get a little bit more water?
I feel like the words are coming out
but I'm not making any sounds.
[hip-hop song playing]
[music continues on laptop]
Okay. okay. thank you.
Thank you. thank you for the love.
Sky loves you too.
But you can't pay
for food delivery with love.
People. love's not enough. no.
So. if you want to see it hard.
use a credit card.
If you want to just see the tip though.
use crypto…
and if you want to see me totally nude?
Jesus. just pay me money
and I'll do whatever you want.
It's not rocket science.
I'm broke. people. Let's go.
Don't be shy. come on.
[Hazel] Mom.
can I have some frozen waffles?
Ah. what-what-what about.
um. uh. French toast?
Waffles!
Okay. Okay.
[softly] Shit. Okay.
- Let's see.
- [phone ringing]
Uh…
- Hi.
- Buckle up. This thing's happening fast.
[Paula] Oh. wow. How fast?
Like. it could happen
in the next couple of weeks. fast.
Oh. my God. Yeah. that is fast.
Yeah. a lot to do.
Look. you should win.
I mean. Karl and Mallory are trying
to upend everybody to Idaho.
- You're trying to keep the status quo.
- Hazel! Boots. um. shoes.
We're gonna need
glowing reference letters.
Personal. work. moms.
- Do you have a priest?
- Oh. um… Me? A priest?
No. Doug. I don't have a priest.
Too bad. Courts love priests.
I'll figure out other ways
of getting letters.
Great. we'll start digging into things
on our end.
My office is going to reach out
for a $10.000 retainer.
- What? How much?
- Ten thousand dollars.
Uh… Well. we better win.
- Okay. I gotta go. Bye.
- Talk soon.
[exhales heavily. sighs]
Okay. you're gonna have to eat that
on the road
because we are way late for school.
If you give me a bite. I'll let you drive.
- Okay.
- [growls]
Wait. what?
[gasps] Dude. that's.
like. half my waffle.
Okay. Gas on left. brake on the right.
[sighs]
[school bell rings]
[chuckling. chattering]
[chuckling] Hey. Uh. what's up?
How's. uh… How's it going?
- Hi.
- Hey.
- Uh…
- Oh. my God. That dress is so cute.
- Oh. is it?
This? Oh. my God. I just picked it
because it didn't stink of feet.
- Oh.
- [Paula] Um…
Oh. my daughter uses my clothes
as blankets.
- [parents] Oh.
- So…
Uh. Paula… [chuckles. stammers]
…were you gonna do a soccer get-together
this year?
Uh. there usually is one.
We just weren't sure if you...
Oh. yeah. yeah. yeah.
No. no. no. for sure.
Yeah. no. I. um…
I was planning on having you all over.
uh. to do like
a make your own pizza party.
- What…
- How ambitious.
- Whoa.
- Yeah. Yeah. yeah. totally.
I will cook.
Um. it'll be very fun. yeah.
Just. like. a weird gear shift. but. um…
Can I be uncomfortably honest
with you right now?
- Of course. Yeah.
- Yeah.
Uh. so my ex-husband. Karl.
and. uh. his new wife. Mallory. I think…
- Love Mallory. [chuckles]
- They're great.
Yeah. sure. Yeah. they are great.
- Um. maybe not in this story. Um…
- Oh?
We are fighting for custody
of my kid and. uh…
- Uh. my lawyer...
- He needs letters. right?
Yeah. Yeah. yeah. How did you know that?
Oh. I'm divorced.
I wrote her such a great letter.
It was before AI too. so…
handpicked all the words.
- [chuckling]
- Oh. wow. Okay.
You know what's even more helpful
than letters though. is money.
- Oh. yes. When Heather and I separated…
- Yep.
…I just threw my wallet at my lawyer.
and he was able to work his magic.
- [chuckles]
- Well. I-I don't have magic money.
- Yeah.
- Oh. okay…
We can… We'll…
We'll write the best letters.
- Yes.
- Great. Yeah.
- I can do it again.
- [chuckling]
- We can do that.
- Absolutely.
- Just for you.
- Awesome. awesome.
- Mm-hmm.
- It's Paula.
- Oh. Okay. Right. right. Paula…
- Yeah. Sanders. Yeah.
[bell rings]
[triumphant music playing]
Uh…
- Oh! Uh. you scared me.
- Hi.
- Sorry. [chuckles]
- Not. uh… Not because of your face.
Okay. Um. I'm looking
for rare Magic The Gathering cards.
What's the most expensive one you have?
Timetwister. Alpha Edition.
Near mint. pack fresh. only $10.000.
[sighs]
What's the third most expensive?
Ms. Lambert. what happened?
You should see the other guy. [chuckles]
Uh. hey. I was cleaning out some boxes.
You're… You're into this stuff. right?
Uh… [chuckles]
Good? Bad? Lame? Uh...
Incredible.
[chuckles] You… Hey. keep it.
May the Force be with you. or whatever.
- [chuckles]
- Thank you.
No. thank you for all you do. Seriously.
And speaking of which. uh.
any chance I could pop
into the assignment room really quick?
- You know that's not allowed.
- I-I-I know. I just. my…
my leg's really been slowing me down.
I just wanted to take a quick peek
at what's coming.
Sorry. Ms. Lambert.
[sighs]
Now. if you'll excuse me.
I'm going to the break room
where I will make myself
a coffee for 5 minutes.
[mysterious music playing]
[clears throat]
[music ends]
- [Geri] Oh.
- [Paula] That's-That's Trevor's friend.
That's Sky.
Quick thought. We do this later.
- Not… Not here.
- No. it's now.
You have to make an appointment
in advance and then pay him beforehand.
Apologies. they did not offer
Camming 101 at Brown. you know.
At Brown? Mmm. probably did.
[scoffs] Okay.
By the way.
what if this guy is the ring guy?
Like. what if he is one of the scammers?
Uh. then he probably.
definitely knows something.
- Oh. okay.
- [Rudy] Shit.
- [whispering] Be careful. Jesus.
- [clears throat]
- Hey.
- Oh. Hi. sexy.
- [chuckles]
I see we're at the office. huh?
Should we… [sighs]
…begin my performance review?
Oh. no. no. No. no. no. no.
No. no. no. no. No. no.
I just wanted to talk.
Uh. I-I-I… I'm Paula.
Um. I was friends of Trevor's.
Uh. uh. yeah.
I know that you two work together.
I saw you. um. before.
So you heard?
Mm-hmm. Yeah. it's horrible.
I still can't believe it.
Like. I literally just saw him.
Yeah. um. uh…
I-I-I-I'm just trying to figure out
what happened.
You know. I have some. uh.
information about his death.
but I wondered if maybe you did too.
and maybe we could compare notes?
- I don't really.
- Okay. um. we…
[stammers] I mean.
I don't think the police care at all.
So. maybe we could make them.
if we f… piece things together.
You know. I'd pay you for your time.
Okay.
Um.
I'd rather do it in person.
Uh. this is like my workplace.
- Do you live near the city?
- Uh…
[whispering]
Say… Say. "I don't live in the city."
Yes. yep.
Great. I'll send the address
to your account.
- Okay. Okay.
- Okay.
Okay. [sighs]
I didn't see the ring.
- No. I didn't either.
- Are you really gonna go in person?
[stammers] In person's kind of weird.
I mean… [stammers]
…we don't have a choice.
- [Geri] We?
- We're going.
Cool.
Paula's ex confirmed she had motive.
The cam boy was harassing everyone
in her life.
Yeah. she told me about that.
She wasn't hiding it.
This bank account she gave us is boring.
I hate this paper trail shit.
Boring paper trail shit leads to arrests.
Yeah. yeah.
What do you think of the Diamondbacks?
I think anyone who cares about
a baseball team outside their hometown
is probably a degenerate gambler.
There is nothing degenerate
about my gambling.
Our lives are defined by luck.
and anyone who ignores that is stupid.
Mm-hmm.
You've been mocking me
because I've been losing.
but eventually
the tide is going to come back.
And the real loss is not being in the game
when your luck finally turns.
Okay. Aristotle.
Hope the Diamondbacks
know your philosophy.
I think I'll go with the Cubs.
[scoffs]
[Paula] Okay.
I was expecting a-a coffee shop.
[Rudy] Yeah.
maybe we should go to a coffee shop
'cause this looks like a horror movie.
- Yeah. it'll be fine.
- [Rudy] Will it?
A guy who clearly rouges his nips.
by the way.
wants to meet in person
at an abandoned murder motel.
- So…
- It'll be okay. It's the daytime.
Right. 'cause no one gets killed
in the daytime.
I-I-I mean. I have to do something.
I'm going in.
Oh. wait. Hold on. Hey.
Use this. It's dry shampoo.
- What?
- [stammers] For if something goes wrong.
I got it in my eyes once.
it actually really burns.
If I'm not back in 30 minutes. call me.
- Set an alarm.
- [Geri] Okay.
[phone chimes]
[electronic music playing on speakers]
Salutations.
I'm Sky. So cool to meet you.
Me too. I'm-I'm Paula.
[sighs]
It's a work in progress.
Me and Trevor bought the place
with a friend.
We're going to turn it
into apartments for college kids.
- Wow. that's a really great idea.
- I know.
Trevor was my mentor
in sex work and real estate.
It's an interesting combination.
But… [sighs] …I'll never be able
to finish it without him.
I can't believe he's gone.
Yeah. I'm just trying to figure out
what happened.
Me too.
[chuckles] I mean. in the cam world.
you know a lot of people.
but you don't really know them.
Everyone's just a username and an avatar.
Everyone's anonymous except for us.
People see us.
That's scary.
So you said you had some information
about Trevor's death?
[suspenseful music playing]
Tell me what you know.
[Paula] I'm not gonna tell you
until I know what you know.
[Sky breathes deeply] Right.
You know I'm bored if I'm asking you this.
but. um. how's Vi?
Oh. that is over. [sighs]
- What?
- Yeah. I told her to move out.
That's huge. Why didn't you say anything?
Maybe because you mock me every time I do.
It was a week ago.
It's… It's fine. I'm fine.
I will not bug you about her anymore.
Okay. Well. I'm sure you'll find
someone new to bug me about soon.
Maybe in law school.
- You really want to be a lawyer?
- Yeah. I think so.
Which one's a lawyer again?
- They clean teeth. right?
- [chuckles]
I got my BA in linguistics.
which my dad thinks was just.
like. a total waste of 300 grand.
So. now I'm just trying to be realistic.
you know?
Yeah. Hmm. I do.
But. you know. you're really smart.
so. you'll get into a great law school.
Thanks.
My dad isn't the most supportive either.
He's always like.
"You're wasting your time
on this journalism crap. Ger-Bear.
The news is all going to be AI anyway."
Sorry. that's rough.
Mmm.
Although it's not exactly the same. right?
- What do you mean?
- Well. I mean.
linguistics is a classical field of study.
It's a solid base for a lot of careers.
Journalism's pretty much just. like.
a totally outdated. dying medium.
I hope you fail the LSATs.
Okay. good talk. Ger-Bear.
[electronic music continues]
You sure you don't want
something to drink?
We have fizzy water too.
And milk.
It's weird they never made fizzy milk.
No. no. no. I'm all good.
So. okay…
So what else did Trevor get into
besides camming?
I don't really know anything.
Like I told you. um. I know Trevor
was hanging out with different people.
I didn't know 'em all.
Uh. Trevor was very flexible.
both sexually and physically.
which is why he was such a high earner.
I mean. he had a way
of making people open up…
[screaming]
- [Paula] Trevor?
- Help!
[distorted] He knew what he was doing.
I mean. we were making
real strides on this...
He had this. uh…
He had this. uh. way with people…
[speaking Serbian] Ko si ti? [pants]
- [distorted] …while he pleasured himself…
- It was you.
You were the one
who attacked Trevor in that video.
- What?
- Yeah… [stammers]
…you're a lefty and you've got
the green eyes and the tooth.
Like… [stammers] …I. like…
Where's your weird two finger ring?
- It was fucking you.
- No. No. no. no.
- Yes. it was.
- It's not what you think.
I mean. yes. that was me. but it was fake.
It was all a scam. I'd never hurt Trevor.
I'd never hurt anybody.
- People got hurt.
- Well. I didn't kill him.
What you saw was fake.
It was set up.
It was Trevor's idea.
He had this whole plan
to shake down some clients
with his "help me. I'm pretty
and in trouble" thing.
We were just trying to get money.
Not that that's an excuse.
I shouldn't have done it to you.
I shouldn't have done it to anybody.
but now I just want to find out
who killed my friend.
I'm gonna go look around.
Stay here in case Paula comes back.
- I don't wanna be here alone. you know…
- Just lock the doors.
And if anyone comes. just tell them
that boring story about your dad.
Like. trust me. they'll leave.
[Sky] Great.
[stammers] Look.
it's probably somebody else we scammed.
Fuck. I mean. it could be anybody.
a man. a woman.
It was a man.
- I mean. most likely. yeah.
- It was. it was a man.
I saw it.
I was hiding in the closet.
I-I-I… [sighs]
I saw that a man did it.
You were there? [chuckles]
What did he look like?
[smacks lips]
I didn't get a good look at him.
The only thing I could really see
were his… his boots.
Boots?
[stammers] He was wearing
Trevor's Red Wings.
I could tell
because of the mismatched laces.
Mismatched laces.
Right. right.
You know who that was. don't you?
- [stammers] No. I...
- [door opens]
Hi.
I'm sorry about this.
but don't fucking move.
[tense music playing]
- [elevator dings]
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Hiya.
[chuckles. sighs]
- Gym time. Nice.
- [chuckles]
You're in admissions at Yale. right?
- Yes. how did you...
- Go. Bulldogs.
- [chuckles]
Yeah. I don't know.
it's a son of a friend. really good kid.
He. uh. just got rejected there.
Oh. sorry.
Have to make a lot of tough decisions
and there's a whole bunch of us
in admissions. so…
Yeah. but you're the only one
embezzling from the school. Joyce.
- Whoa. Microsoft is tanking.
- [scoffs]
Embezzling? That is ridiculous.
[chuckles] They always say ridiculous.
And yet. documents.
Your brokerage account.
Hey. you took a shot.
You know. no judgments from me.
You were good at the stealing.
not so much at the hiding.
But there is a way out
if you do a favor for a friend of mine.
If you offer this young man…
See his name?
- I'm going to need a yes. Joyce.
- Yes.
Yeah. if you offer him a place
in the upcoming freshman class.
you won't go to jail.
Oof!
Looks like you've got
another really tough decision.
[elevator chimes]
Oh. This is me.
Admit the kid.
[sighs]
- Ash. what are you doing?
- Please just let me go home…
Just shut up or I shoot.
Do you understand?
[breathes shakily]
- You know who she's talking about?
- Obviously I know.
I told you it was probably him.
Trev warned us that if he ever found out
that we were scamming people
behind his back.
- it would be bad.
- Okay. you're right. You're always right.
He's-He's gonna come for us too.
- What do we do?
- I have an idea.
Do you trust me?
[panting] Yeah.
[Dennis sighs]
Hey. Bri-dog.
Listen. good news. my man.
I did that favor for Cecilia.
so. uh. should be good to go.
All right. I will catch you later. my man.
Bri-dog.
- Kill myself.
- [phone buzzing]
Hello.
[distorted] I have someone here
who witnessed you commit murder.
They can prove it was you.
but I've got them nice and secure.
and I can give them to you for a price.
[Dennis] Okay.
How about go fuck yourself?
If you don't pay.
I'm going to drop them off
at the nearest police station
with this phone number and your name.
and then you can go fuck yourself.
How much?
Thirty thousand dollars.
[chuckles]
Twenty.
Half now and then I send the address.
[whimpers]
I'll text you where to send payment.
You literally don't have to do this
because I...
Shut the fucking mouth.
[Sky] Are you crazy?
What are you thinking? What are you…
I'm thinking… [sniffles]
…that he doesn't know that was me.
and now he's gonna send us ten grand.
So we should probably
get the fuck out of here. right?
- Yeah. but sending him the add...
- Look. we have no money.
Every penny we have
is in this worthless piece of shit motel
that Trevor talked you into.
So this dude pays.
and by the time he gets here.
we'll be long gone.
What happens to her?
[sighs] Right now
I am only worried about you and me.
We get paid and then we go.
[stammers] I mean…
Listen… Listen to me. Listen to me.
You can just let me go.
Like. you can just let me go home
because I wouldn't say anything
to anybody.
I-I would… Why would I tell…
- Why would I tell any...
- What? You won't say anything
about me holding a gun on you?
- [stammering]
- [Ash] Sure.
[phone buzzes]
We got the money. [breathes shakily]
- [Sky] Let's tie her up.
- [Ash breathes shakily]
I dropped my earbud in a Hyundai.
Once. I dropped mine in a toilet.
but I got it out
before it touched anything bad.
No. I put it in the cam boy's car.
So now we can. like. track him.
That is actually really smart.
Should we call Paula?
No. no. Everything seemed okay.
No. no. no. Please. please. please.
- Get in the chair.
- Don't. Please. Don't do this.
Please. Please.
I-I don't deserve this. I'm not…
- What are you fucking doing? Gun up!
- You don't have to do this.
You don't have to tie me up.
I'm not gonna do anything.
Shut up. Just get in the fucking chair.
Sky. look at me.
You don't have to do this.
Get in the fucking chair!
- [grunting]
- What the hell are you doing?
- Focus. Get your head in the game.
- [Sky] I'm trying to…
- What are you doing?
- Trying to focus.
- Fuck!
- [yells]
- [grunts]
- [screams]
[Sky screams]
I'm gonna fucking kill you!
- [Sky grunting]
- [grunting]
[screaming. grunting]
[grunting]
[Ash yells] Ow! Fuck!
Ow!
- [grunts]
- [screams]
- [Sky screams]
[Sky wailing]
W?
- No.
- C?
No.
- Oh.
- Jesus.
Geez.
- Drive. Drive. drive. drive!
- Okay. okay. okay.
- Drive. just fucking drive!
- Holy shit.
- Okay. holy shit.
- What the fuck?
- [breathing heavily]
- [Ash] Oh. my God.
It's… Oh. it's all the way through.
I… I don't know.
If I pull it out.
it's gonna bleed like fucking crazy.
- It really hurts!
- Okay! Okay.
I'm gonna bring the car right outside.
And then I'm gonna pull it out
really fast and get you to a doctor. okay?
- Hurry.
- I'll be two minutes.
Two minutes.
[muffled] Oh. my God. I can't…
- I still can't breathe.
- I-It's-It's okay. You're okay.
Y-You're safe now.
We're gonna get you home.
- You're okay.
- You're almost home.
[Geri] Yeah.
- So was it a gang thing?
- [Geri] Rudy. shut up!
Shut up. Shut up.
[Rudy] Everything's gonna be okay.
Hang in there.
[Baxter] G. check it out.
I might have found something.
The victim spent a lot
on construction supplies.
Every month. he has a charge.
Five grand. Seven grand.
So. I called the lumber yard.
got a delivery address.
Looks like it's a motel
about a half hour away.
Boring paper trail shit. huh?
Might be the tide turning.
Maybe we'll get lucky.
Good.
[tense music playing]
Fuck.
[breathes shakily] Oh. my God.
No. no. no. no.
[panting]
Fuck. [panting]
- Where are you?
- Dennis is here. You…
You have to get out right now.
I'm nailed to the floor!
[Ash] Okay. Fuck.
- I'm coming. I'm coming.
- No. No. no.
- It's fine.
- No. what are you talking about?
- I'll be all right.
- He's coming up right now.
- You gotta get out of there.
- I have the gun.
There's nothing you can do anyway.
- Okay. Stay on so I can hear.
- [breathes shakily]
[breathes heavily]
Fuck.
Hey. Dennis. it's Sky.
What's up. man?
Uh. the witness left.
Real sorry about that.
Listen. I re…
I respect the shit out of you. man.
I don't want any trouble.
But I gotta tell you.
I have a big fucking gun. okay?
[chuckles] And I don't want to use it. so.
maybe let's just forget this
and go get a drink sometime.
Trevor said you really like sake.
Please say something. bro.
[rattling]
Do not make me shoot you. man.
I will fucking shoot you!
[music intensifies]
I will shoot!
[gunshots]
[breathing shakily]
Sk-Sky. Sky?
[breathes heavily. chuckles]
Sky?
[sighs]
[Ash breathing heavily]
Sky!
[grunts]
[screams]
[groaning]
[pants] What's happening?
What's happening?
Sky? Sky?
[Sky] Oh. shit.
[grunting]
[grunts] It's all good. man.
It's okay.
I know where she is. we can find her.
[chuckles]
We have a car.
[pants] You can come with me.
- And we… You can ride shotgun.
- [shushes]
You know. of all Trevor's friends.
I always liked you the best.
[chuckles]
[sighs]
But you talk too much.
[gagging]
[sighs]
[Ash] Sky?
Sky?
Sky!
[breathes shakily] Sky!
[Dennis breathes heavily]
Sorry. Sky can't come
to the phone right now.
I'm gonna fucking kill you.
Oh. is that you. Ashley?
Hardly recognized you
without the voice scrambler.
You know.
we should probably talk about this.
I'll come find you.
[breathing shakily]
[sighs]
- How was your day?
- My day?
- Mm-hmm.
- Great. Yeah. fine.
Totally boring day.
Same old. Nothing new. You?
The yoozh.
I like the yoozh.
- Did you get the email from the lawyer?
- No.
We got Judge Narleski on our case.
- You don't know him?
- Mm-mmm.
He awards custody to. uh. fathers
more than any other judge and he's ours.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Wow.
Well. he might be a bit of a misogynist.
but in this case it helps us.
- Great. I'm okay with it.
- [chuckles] Me too.
- [chuckling]
- We need a break and we're getting one.
But this is exciting.
["Million Dollar Secret" playing]
♪ I've got a million dollar secret ♪
♪ Can't tell you what it is ♪
♪ I'm keeping it to myself ♪
♪ I won't give it away ♪
♪ I've got a million dollar secret ♪
♪ Hope I have the courage
To keep it in ♪
♪ Won't give in and just give it away ♪
Um. how much would you give me for this?
[store clerk sighs]
[clicks tongue] Uh…
♪ If you really need to know. baby ♪
Two grand?
♪ And I'll whisper in your ear ♪
♪ Maybe I'll have forgotten
What I was gonna say ♪
♪ But come a little closer
Let me whisper in your ear anyway ♪
♪ Mmm. anyway. mmm ♪
♪ You can ask over and over ♪
♪ But I'm not ready to tell ♪
♪ 'Cause I have all your attention
This feeling ♪
- How much does that cost?
- ♪ Is suspended in air ♪
♪ And I can keep it
As long as I may need it ♪
♪ Have all your attention
As long as it's a mystery ♪
[camera shutter clicking]
[music ends]
["No Body" playing]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org